O
ae
ai ai ai ai
At night the sky would drop teaching is from
I know that I just want to love and
online
The party is very crazy.
bastard lack invited video of the building
when miguel soga ae
Wow
the option only seemed
ah
ae
ai ai ai ai
the sky only for a change
but the old car was that I cried
when I think I feel accepted
moment you
the lead role in the subject tonight
boys in july is in the air
I want to see everyone dance a lot
the easier it has taken a lot to skol wct
urology run to right
but I learn swing coming is the ground not
the right tries the boot learning with the
last and come to natal
ah ah ah ah
oh look there
in the evening
just seemed
ae
every night at the hotel sol bahia
the day charge
ae
not
play well, one more time in your career
It's already there for that in a welcome.
Look, I do not know who this family is.
Look, I'll introduce you to the family.
dog were in the same house only
it's time to face ning were not
contemporary entered after
search jf hungry today made
in that xororó that we had inside the
home only that this kind of son blow
Tell me that you did not see what to do.
look how this new adventure of
music is also José director who has
many many many years as
lifeguard if it is a normal process
Of life, let's go home, that made the
next thing but it did not work that way.
see that girl who wants to answer
so to stay and with the possibility of
come back from it again that what
results in a smaller scale but make the
What do I do with how I breathe and
learning microphone
We'll learn now, can you?
complying with your own will do some
funny ballads in state find
a friend of a few years ago that the
my camera several us here today more
Delay was what made the lyrics to stay
on the track
I'll tell you the limit, I 'll go
say that to climb there in two and the lines
of mothers and ready and then we started
to create an album I'm doing the guild now
we have the same thing since this was a
here is the first part
ready a new debut thank you very much
by the writer will continue to compose
made many funk songs
then it 's another but they will not let
it's not going to be 6 o'clock
morning this year came to me or seriously
I wanted him to enjoy himself
to thank you for the production
have left the key and take advantage of
height to honor your all motivates
every day to continue to do
this is each one
Thank you, look at the wheel.